chore: hint to set requirement to regex (#25279)
github/docs: data/reusables/repositories/rulesets-commit-regex.md

> The following examples provide useful patterns for commit metadata.
> 
> Make sure to set the requirement field to: `Must match a given regex pattern`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following examples provide useful patterns for commit metadata. To use these patterns, set **Requirement** to "Must match a given regex pattern".
```
